So we know how to take a snapshot of our database.
But how about restoring our D-B in case of a failure.
Let's say Ardi is corrupted and we want to go back to a previous state previous snapshot that we took
earlier how we do that.
To do that let's just go to our RLDS class and after our take backup method let's just say restore D-B
from snapshot back backup.
All right.
So there are like weariest ways to take a snapshot take a recovery from your D-B instance and let's
see what those are.
Let's just return self-taught Klein dot and Taiping restore.
And as you can see you can simply restore D-B clusters from S-3 and sequel files and you can again do
those cluster recovery glossaries are actually from a snapshot and you can take a point in time recovery
and to do that with your audience instances and you can.
And the way that we're going to use is restore a D-B instance from an existing D-B instance.
So let's just pick that method and let's see what we're going to need.
So we're going to need a D-B instance identifier that we want to restore to a previous state.
And we're of course going to need a DB snapshot identifier.
And as you can see you can be worried specifically about your tags and storage types for your specific
recoveries.
So it's a really useful way to go back to a previous state by W-S.
So let's just pass in a D-B instance identifier and from the method signature I'm going to pass in the
identifier and also I'm going to say D-B snapshot identifier.
And that's it.
So let's just pass in the arguments and the snapshot identifier as the snapshot identifier just like
that.
So let's go back to our deployment method.
And from there let's just say restore D-B and within that restore the method let's just call RTX client
and restore D-B from back up.
So what we're going to do is we're going to use our instance identifier and we're going to go back to
the first backup of our database which was produced by a W-S itself automatically.
So let's go to a W-S console and from there let's go to snapshots.
And as you can see our previous snapshot is already available.
And let's just go back to our very first backup which was to buy a W-S.
So this is capitis name this identifier of this snapshot.
And I'm just simply going to copy this.
And let's just go back and paste it just like that.
So this is going to restore our database to a previous state the very first day that before we launch
our DBI.
So let's just call the restore D-B method and let's just run this
and as you can see Amazonas throwing an exception saying that the D-B instance already exists so we
can't just restore our D-B to an existing D-B instance.
So we want to have to launch another D-B instance for our restoring purposes.
So to do that we're going to have to change our D-B instance identifier.
So I'm going to say my pulse questi be frob snapshot.
All right.
So if I had run again
and here we go our Freestar process must be started on a W-S Let's go and check it out.
And on the instances section as you can see and the RDL instance is being created by us and with the
name that we provided as the D-B instance name.
So this is science that is being created from the very first snapshot from A W-S.
So in case you have a failure with your D-B instances you can simply go back and recreate and restore
your D-B data and everything about your D-B instances.